What is cloud?
What is cloud computing?
Advantages of cloud computing?
What is economics of scale?
What are types of cloud?
What is public cloud?
What is private cloud?
What is Hybrid cloud?
Difference between public vs private vs hybrid?
What are cloud deployment models?
Difference between IAAS PAAS SAAS?
What is AWS and advantages of AWS?
What is region in cloudcomputing?(geographical area)
What is availability region?
Difference between region and availability zone?
What are the factors which influence instance or resource costs in cloud?
What are AWS access platforms?AWS Management Console(WEB)

What are core services available in AWS cloud platform?
What is EC2 and their types?
What is ECS?
What is ELB and types of ELB?
What is application load balancer and advantage ?
What is Network Load Balancer and advantage?
What is Classic Load balancer and advantage?
What is Clouth Watch?
What is Resource?
What is Instance?
What is Resource Group?
What  is IAM?
Difference between Resource and Resource Group?
What is Monitoring?
How to enable CloudWatch Monitoring tool on EC2?
What is s3 and define their basic operation?
How to resticate access of S3 for publicly expose?
What is AMI?
What is AutoScaling?
What is Backup?
What is Snapshot of instance in Aws and how we are creating it.Explain with example.
What kind of Instances does AWS offer and What are types of Instances?
How do choose an Availability Zone and explain with example.
What are best security pratices in Amazon EC2?
What is Server?
What is Serverless in AWS?
What are different services models in AWS and example?
What is network security group in AWS?
What is Operating System?
What is Volume?
What is keypair and expalin?
What is PublicIP?hat is Private IP Difference between public and private ip?
What is spot request or instance?
What is Tags and use of Tags?
What is VPC?Virtual Private CloudWatch
What is VPN?
Difference between VPC and VPN?
What is network in cloud?
What is a storage?
What is Subnet?
What is request and Response in cloud and Difference between them?
Difference between windows and linux VM?
What is Encryption in Cloud andCan we use encryption in S3?
What is depth in defense in data Protection?
What is MFA(Multi Factor Authenciation) in AWS and how to enable it?
How to set billing alarm in AWS Console?(only steps)
What is Cost optimizationation?
How to check accountid on AWS Console?
How to check organization on AWS Console?
How to check Billing Dashboard on AWS Console?
How to check My Services in AWS 
How to check Security Credentials on AWS Console?



















